Chen Han, I'll give you one more chance
Tell me all the secrets you know about the Sun family
I can beg His Majesty to spare you from death
Breeze
You underestimate me.
Breeze Me
I swear I will never be your enemy again
You got it.
Don't move.
Don't worry, I'll let him speak
Take them away from me
Go
Don't worry ahead
Sooner or later you will all come down to accompany me
Hahahaha
General Hui, everyone has committed suicide
This is tough
That's okay.
As long as it can be proved that Chenghai was assassinated
Anyway, I didn't expect this piece of evidence to move to the Sun family
It seems that you have your own plans. Sort of
Brother, where have you been?
It's okay, it's quite troublesome.
By the way, why haven't you gone back yet? It's not to wait for you.
Oh, by the way, Miss Hongxiu just sent someone to give you this letter, saying that it says what you want.
Brother, what is written on it?
I want to go home